# Banking Mobile App Usage Questionnaire.

Introduction

The rapid development in technology and information and communication technology has lead the whole world into a new direction which is comfortable with the technology. Moving to the wireless technology and mobile phones especially smart phones have changed human’s life style and customer preference. As a result of that, everything is now at the fingertips. People are worried about the comfort and the effectiveness of the time rather than the cost. Identifying that behavior of the people and addressing it have become a competitive advantage in a business. Applying that into financial services including banking processes is a very good step to attract the customers and keep them for a long time. Further, according to the demand of the customer, it has made the whole banking process comfortable, cost effective and time saving by reducing the manual processes.
Implementing the concept of electronic banking is the beginning of banking mobile apps. Electronic banking is the provision of information and services by a bank to its customers via electronic wired of wireless channels such as online, telephone, mobile phone and interactive television (Daniel, 1999). There is a competition among different banks to attract customers. Later, the concept of m-banking which is mobile banking was implemented after the new inventions in mobile phone technology such as smart phones. It has directed banking activities into a new direction which is comfortable for the customer as well as the bank. 
Each and every bank tries to implement better mobile apps for managing banking related things after identifying the competitive advantage in implementing mobile apps to make the banking activities smart and easy. Now, every bank is in a competition to provide user friendly banking mobile app which can be used to do many financial related functions.
 
In customer side, it is very helpful to use banking mobile apps to do financial related day to day work. It saves the time and cost of visiting the bank. Therefore, bankers highly focus on the convenience and accessibility when implementing banking mobile apps. It is a positive point that can be used to increase the number of customers.
Problem Statement and the objectives of the Study

